you heard me what have you heard
are you the devil ah
every gang in LA has a bit of taxes so
holes let go if you stack shorten could
rob a bank
rob your own mother there's no excuses
do not test that guys look like a couple
of monsters Johnny Cash how about that
time you gave me an STD that's why I
feel like she cares about counseling
you're supposed to terrorize the herd
that's my function God allows me to walk
the talk is to come back into the light
what did you see Baxter
you're taxing forty three to four
straight days that's thousands of Jews
in the most violent so cultural Los
Angeles that's right
money in the future and you the past got
your kids we want to buy him back you
don't think he wants to spill blood he
wants to cut your heart off can't run or
what's left I got three eighty on each
ankle thirty-eight of my ride 25 of my
left chopper in the trunk blocking my
belt I'm on
[Music]
took my kids man I'll Drive with you to
the wheels fall off you're bad bad bad
all right
open your mouth to splat you brain zone
I don't want that dude I won't tell
you